♪ I swam all
around the world ♪
♪ I've seen this ocean
on my own ♪
♪ And then I found
my way to Reeftown ♪
♪ And I knew that
I'd found my home ♪
♪ I met my friend
Bubbles here ♪
♪ Our friendship
is the best ♪
[all]
♪ Oh, dive in ♪
- ♪ Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
[all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us
and see it all ♪
♪ With pals
like Dunk and Ripple ♪
♪ We'll explore
this world together ♪
[both] ♪ When you share
adventures with your friends ♪
♪ It makes them
so much better ♪
[all] ♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ In this world
beyond belief ♪
[all] ♪ Come see
the greatest reef ♪
♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ Start making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us,
dive right in ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪
Thanks for traveling
with me, guys.
It's been so much fun
having friends along
while I ride the currents.
We know you like to be
independent, Scoot,
but we just want you
to meet our friend Flo.
She knows everything
about the ocean,
and she's a sea turtle
like you!
Flo. I like that name.
- Flo. Flo!
- [laughter]
I can't wait to meet her.
Yeah! Well, if we just
keep riding the currents,
it shouldn't be too much longer.
- [all groaning]
- It's been all day.
- [sighs]
- Maybe we should find a place
- to stop and rest for a while.
- I'm not tired.
Besides, I love this
part of the ocean.
It's my favorite!
Uh, hey, Scoot, are you sure
you're not getting tired?
Tired? No!
Watch how deep I can go.
- ♪ Ta-da ♪
- [wearily] Oh, boy.
See?
I'm not tired at all.
How is that possible?
I got tired just watching that.
Well, we came out here
to find Flo,
and that's what we have to do.
She'll know what to do with him.
Exactly where did Flo say
she was going to lay her eggs?
Just that it's the place
where she was born.
And I remember she said
it was near a colorful reef.
Oh, yeah, so the baby turtles
could go there
when they hatch out of their
eggs and run into the ocean.
Ooh, and one more thing--
Flo said the place she was born
reminded her of Reeftown.
[gasps] Splash!
That's it!
It's just like Reeftown!
All we have to do is--
- Whee!
- Uh-- oh.
- All we have to do is-
- Whee!
All we have to do is--
Find another reef that looks
just like Reeftown!
Yeah, but there's only
one Reeftown,
with only one group
of Reeftown Rangers.
All right, you guys, come on,
we should get going.
Uh, hey, guys,
where's Scoot?
Huh? Oh, uh, Scoot?
Scoot?
Huh, isn't it funny
the one time
you're looking for him,
he's nowhere to be found?
- [all exclaim]
- Just back from the surface.
Breathing, you know?
- Did you miss me?
- Uh, yeah.
So, Scoot, listen, uh, we're off
to find the coral reef
near where Flo could have
laid her eggs.
- She might still be there.
- Oh, that would be so amazing!
- Are we there yet?
- Uh, well, not yet, Scoot.
But we'll find
the reef eventually
if we just keep
following this current.
Gotcha.
Um, are we there yet?
Uh, not yet.
- Are we there now?
- No.
- Hey, are we there yet?
- Aah! We are not there yet!
No. We are looking for a reef
in the middle of nowhere.
And it could take days.
It could take weeks.
- It could take--
- Hey, it's a reef.
Ah. Oh. Or not.
Whoa. This can't be
the colorful reef
that Flo was talking about,
right, Scoot?
I don't think so.
It doesn't look like a reef.
I'll go check it
from the surface.
I'll be right back.
Let's check this out.
Yeah.
Well, it's shaped like a reef.
And it almost looks
like it could be a reef,
but it doesn't have
any color, it's--
it's completely white.
Hello?
Is anyone here?
Wow. It's quiet. Huh.
I wonder if anyone
even lives here?
- Hey.
- Huh?
- Let's keep looking around.
- Yeah, okay.
There doesn't seem to be
anything alive on this reef,
not even coral.
So I guess nobody's here.
- [male voice] Except for me!
- [all exclaim]
Uh, "me"? Uh, who's me?
Me! Over here!
My name's Dusty.
[laughs]
I'm Dunk. Say, Dusty.
You're a parrotfish,
aren't you?
I am!
how did you know?!
We live on a reef, too.
You kind of remind us
of somebody
we know back home,
right, guys?
Yeah, I see it.
You remind us
of our friend Chompy,
the parrotfish.
Well, that makes sense.
Parrotfish are very important
to any reef, because we--
Parrotfish make sand
and eat algae off the coral.
- I know all about sand.
- That's exactly right.
Gee, it's good to have fish
to talk to again.
Well, why?
Wh-where's everyone else?
Oh, they left a long time ago.
There's nothing left here
of this reef.
But why didn't you leave
when everyone else
left the reef?
Oh, just doing my job,
I guess.
It's my instinct
to keep making sand.
Ooh, that looks good.
[chomp]
Even if I don't know
why I'm doing it sometimes.
I think it's great that you
make all this sand, Dusty.
- You do?
- Sure.
Lucky for me, it's your instinct
to make the sand,
and it's my instinct
to make patterns in the sand.
Patterns?
What do you mean, Dunk?
Well, I'm a puffer fish.
It's what I do back home!
[chorus] ♪ Do do do do do,
he's doing, doing it ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ I don't know what I'm doing,
I'm just doing it ♪
[chorus] ♪ Do do do do,
he's doing it ♪
♪ I'm playing and I'm jumping,
I'm just moving it ♪
[chorus] ♪ Do do do do,
he's doing it ♪
♪ I don't know what I'm doing,
but I'm getting it done ♪
♪ Everyone can see
that I'm having some fun ♪
♪ And I don't know
what I'm doing ♪
♪ I'm just doing it ♪
Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!
♪ Whatever it is
I'm working on ♪
♪ Well, it's working for me ♪
[chorus]
♪ He's working it out now ♪
♪ I don't worry
if it's right or wrong ♪
♪ I just do, do, do it,
what comes naturally ♪
♪ Every day, I'm coming up
with something new ♪
♪ I'm happy when I do it,
and I like what I do ♪
♪ And I don't know
what I'm doing ♪
♪ I'm just doing it,
doing it ♪
♪ Do, do, do, do,
[laughs]
Yeah.
- All finished.
- Wow, Dunk.
You made my sand
look so beautiful. Thanks!
My pleasure.
Now, if I could only make
the rest of this reef
look beautiful again.
It's hard to believe
this is even a reef at all.
Yeah, this place has become
a bleached reef.
It used to be colorful
and full of life,
but then, suddenly,
it changed.
This place used to look
like Reeftown?
What happened?
Over time,
the ocean water got warmer.
One day it got to be too warm
for the teeny, tiny organisms
that live in the coral
and feed it.
Without these organisms
to keep the coral healthy,
you have, well, this.
Wow. If that can happen
to this reef,
maybe it can happen
to other reefs.
- Maybe even our reef.
- [gasps] That's true.
Oh! [panting]
- Oh, no, no, no.
- Wh-wh-wh-wh--
Dunk, breathe with me.
[both breathe deeply]
- Good job, Dunk.
- Thanks.
Is there anything
we can do to help
make your reef
beautiful again?
Oh, that's very kind
of you to offer,
but I just don't know
if a few fish
can restore a whole reef.
It's such a big job.
Yeah, but every big job has
to start with one small step.
Well, I guess that's true,
but what makes you so sure?
Well, that's our Ripple.
She may be little,
but she has big dreams.
[choir vocalizing]
♪ I'm gonna make
one small ripple ♪
♪ Yeah, I believe
a little thing like that ♪
♪ Can turn into
a big ol' wave ♪
♪ I'm gonna make
one small ripple ♪
♪ Can you imagine
what a difference ♪
♪ A whole lotta little
ripples could make? ♪
♪ The tiny things
we do today ♪
♪ Make a world of difference
half a world away ♪
♪ So if I have
the chance I should ♪
♪ Make my ripple
something good ♪
♪ You'll be amazed,
I know it's true ♪
♪ I hope you get
so inspired, too ♪
♪ With one small ripple ♪
♪ Coming from me and you ♪
♪ And see what
one small ripple ♪
♪ Can do ♪
[all]
♪ Ripple, ripple, ripple ♪
Well, you know what?
You're right, Ripple.
We can do something.
We can make a start.
And I know just what to do.
Sure, Dusty.
What is it?
Well, you see
that green algae?
It took over
when all those organisms left,
and it is
not good for coral.
If you guys help me find
all this algae to eat,
it'll make the coral healthy.
I think
we can do that, Dusty!
That would be great!
Okay, everyone.
New game-- spot that algae!
Ready? Go!
Whoo-hoo! Yeah!
[gasps]
I found some!
- Thanks, Bubbles.
- Uh-huh.
Hey, hey,
there's more right there.
[laughs]
- Algae time.
- Got it!
[munching]
Whoa.
Who won?
Who found the most algae?
The real winner is
the reef!
Everything you're doing
is helping the coral
get healthy again!
[all cheering]
I must have eaten
a whole reef worth of algae.
Well, the coral does look
a lot cleaner.
Oh, thanks,
but I guess it's not gonna
come back to its old color
anytime soon.
[gasps] Look at this.
It's not the whole reef,
but it's a good start!
[gasps]
Good? It's great!
Oh, this spot
used to be white and dying,
and now it's colorful
and alive again.
It gives me hope
for the rest of the reef.
Hey, I know!
We could call this spot
our "hope spot."
Yeah, as in, we hope
the rest of the reef
can be healthy
like this again.
Hope spot.
I like that.
Oh, thanks
for all your help, everyone.
And I hope that the next time
you come back to this reef,
I'll have a lot more hope spots
to show you.
And we're always glad to help,
when we're in the neighborhood.
But for now, we're off
to find our friend Flo,
where she went
to lay her eggs.
Yeah, we're helping our little
turtle friend cross the ocean.
Wha-- uh,
what turtle friend?
[all groan]
Where is that little guy?
[all]
Scoot? Scoot?
- Where'd he go?
- Hey, Scoot, old pal!
- Scoot?
- Hey, guys.
Ready to go travel
the current some more?
[gasps]
Ooh, pretty coral.
Aw, a baby hawksbill.
[laughs]
Well, thanks again, everyone.
Bye for now.
I'm gonna go check
for more signs of life.
[laughs]
Bye, Dusty!
Bye!
Bye, Dusty.
Bye, Dusty!
All right, Scoot-- Scoot?
What-- uh--
Scoot? [laughs] Wait up!
There's a whole big ocean
and plenty of time.
[laughter]
Come on, guys!
I, for one, think it'll
be great to have Flo meet Scoot.
She's gonna love having
a little turtle around.
I can't wait to meet Flo!
[gasps]
Air break!
Oh, uh-- well,
if we can keep track
of Scoot for long enough
to introduce him.
But how will
we ever find Flo?
When she went off
to lay her eggs,
she never told us which beach
she was going to.
Wait.
What if Flo is laying her eggs
at the same beach
where Scoot was born?
But how would he remember
how to get back there
after swimming
the currents for so long?
- Yeah, that's impossible.
- Wait!
- [all yell]
- Whoops!
- Sorry about that.
- We're getting used to it.
So you guys want to go
to the beach where I was born?
Yeah. We know that
that's a crazy--
- Let's do it!
- Huh?
- I told you it was possible!
- It's not far from here.
All we got to do
is follow this current,
and, boom, we're there!
- Follow Scoot.
- Follow me!
[all cheering]
This is it. Right up there
is where I was born.
Wow. What a cool place.
Watch this.
Whoo!
[laughter]
Oh, I bet it'd be fun
to live here!
[laughs]
Hey, let's go play!
Okay!
[laughs]
Did you hear
what Splash said?
Don't say it.
He said it would be fun
to live here.
Instead of Reeftown?
I told you
not to say it!
[laughs] You guys
have to see this place.
It is amazing!
Scoot, how in the world
did you remember
how to get back here?
[Flo] It's called instinct.
[all] Flo!
Hi, kids.
Instinct is a feeling
you get inside
that tells you what to do,
even when no one taught you
how to do it.
Flo, I can't believe
we found you.
Um, this is Scoot.
Well, hello, young turtle.
Hi.
This is the beach
where Scoot was born.
It also happens to be
the beach where I was born.
[laughs]
And I just finished
laying my eggs
on the beach
above the surface.
See, I told you
it was possible.
But how did you and Scoot
know how to find this place?
Oh, very simple.
Magnetic receptors
in our brains.
- Magnetic receptors?
- Mm-hmm.
They are a special sense
of direction
that keep turtles
like me and, uh, Scoot...
[chuckles]
on track through the ocean.
They pick up a magnetic field
at the exact beach
where we came from.
That's amazing!
So how long
until your eggs hatch?
Oh, a few weeks.
Then those little newborn
sea turtles will hatch
on the beach and run
their little flippers off
before joining the citizens
of the sea.
And they'll use their
magnetic receptors and instincts
to go where
they need to go, too?
Yep! They'll be swimming
the currents in no time.
- Just like me.
- [laughs]
Oh, I love this little guy.
I like his energy.
I got more energy than you.
[laughs]
What? No way.
Come back here.
Hey, why do you three look
so down in the dorsals?
We're a little worried
about Splash.
He keeps saying
how much he likes
all the different places
we've been visiting
and how he could live
in all those places.
And, well,
what if he doesn't want
to live in Reeftown anymore?
I think Splash knows
where his home is.
Every creature in the ocean
has a different idea
of what home is.
Some stay in one place
all their lives.
[all] Like us!
Ye, and others
travel the whole ocean.
[chuckles]
Like, uh, Scoot.
But no matter
where you call home,
we all live
in one big ocean!
[laughs]
That's right, Splash!
[upbeat music,
Flo humming]
♪ I think it's terrific ♪
♪ To know
the Atlantic and Pacific ♪
♪ The names of the Indian
and the Arctic ♪
♪ And the Southern, too ♪
♪ But I'm here to say
I see them another way ♪
♪ I just see One Big Ocean ♪
♪ It's all connected ♪
♪ One Big Ocean ♪
♪ It needs to be respected ♪
♪ And I wanna tell you
we've got to protect it ♪
♪ Our one big ocean ♪
♪ Gotta do our best with this
world we are sharing ♪
♪ And it's good to know
that so many are caring ♪
♪ 'Cause what
they're doin' up there ♪
- [chorus] ♪ Doin' up there ♪
- ♪ Matters right here ♪
♪ In our One Big Ocean ♪
♪ It's all connected ♪
♪ One Big Ocean ♪
♪ It needs to be respected ♪
♪ And I wanna tell you
we've got to protect it ♪
♪ Keep it growing and giving ♪
♪ Colorful and living ♪
♪ One Big Ocea-a-n ♪
♪ One Big Ocean ♪
I love this place.
Wow. Isn't it amazing
to think that one ocean
can have so many different kinds
of life in it?
I know! In what other place
could you find
life as small
as a tiny zooplankton
- and as big as a--
- Whale.
[laughs]
Yeah, that's right, Scoot.
- No, I mean whale.
- [gasps]
- [all] Melody!
- Hi, everyone.
You guys know a whale?
[laughs] We sure do.
Hey, Melody!
- This is our new friend, Scoot.
- Nice to meet you, Scoot.
Hey, uh, what are you doing
all the way out here?
- Migrating.
- Migrating?
Traveling from one place
to another.
I'm headed to a colder climate
where I can find lots of food.
What a shame to have to do it
all on your own.
- On my own?
- Well, yeah.
Aren't you
all by yourself, Melody-- ohh!
[all] Wow!
I guess you're not all alone.
Nope, I've been migrating with
my pod throughout the ocean.
Yeah, just like
little Scoot here and I
- have been migrating as well.
- That's right.
As a pod, we travel together
and look out for each other,
like a family.
Hey! That's what we do!
Bubbles and Dunk
and Ripple and Flo--
well, they're
my Reeftown family.
Huh. Well, I don't know
about you guys,
but, well, I--
I really miss home.
Hey, you want to head
back to Reeftown?
- Really?
- Well, yeah.
This has been the best
Reeftown Rangers adventure ever!
And I loved exploring
all over the ocean
with you guys,
but I miss home and--
That's the nicest thing
you could say, Splash.
But, Scoot, where will you go?
What about your home?
Like I told you,
my home is the open ocean
riding the currents
and seeing the amazing places
they take me to.
I love it!
And maybe someday
the currents will bring you
to a special place
like Reeftown,
and you'll decide
to live there, like I did.
That would be the best!
Aw, I'm gonna miss you guys.
Oh, we'll miss you, too.
Well, look at it this way--
it's never really a good-bye
when you live
in one big ocean.
It's more like,
"See you soon."
Well, I guess we won't say
good-bye, Scoot.
Yeah, we'll just say...
[all]
See you soon!
Yeah, see you soon.
And thanks for
all the fun, guys.
All right,
come on now, Scoot.
How about you and I play
a little finball?
- Yeah! Let's play finball!
- Huh?
We should head back
to Reeftown now.
It's a long trip home.
My pod and I are heading in
the same direction as Reeftown.
I could give you
a ride on my tail to get home,
if you'd like.
Wow! Who wouldn't want
to join a whale migration?
Yeah, come on, everyone!
Aw, thanks, Melody!
- All right!
- [laughs]
- Here...
- [all shouting and laughing]
we...
- go!
- [all cheering]
- Good-bye!
- Bye, Melody!
- Thanks, everyone!
- [whale rumbles]
Wow.
What an adventure!
- You said it!
- Oh, but I tell you,
I am so happy to be
back home in Reeftown!
See, guys, I told you there
was nothing to worry about.
- What do you mean?
- Well, all of us,
we were worried
you wouldn't want to live
in Reeftown anymore.
But, guys, Reeftown
is the first place
where I feel like
I really belong,
because of you,
Bubbles and Dunk and Ripple,
my best, best friends,
my family.
You are what makes
Reeftown home.
Ah, this is so wonderful!
[both crying]
Uh, are you guys
all right?
Oh, oh, don't worry.
They're happy tears!
[both crying]
[laughs] I tell you,
where else would I want to be?
- Reeftown rocks!
- Yeah!
[upbeat music plays]
♪ Reeftown is a music town ♪
♪ Jam-packed
with every happy sound ♪
♪ We're all so different
and play different parts ♪
♪ It all comes together
when the music starts ♪
- ♪ That's the ♪
- [all] ♪ Rhythm of the reef ♪
♪ We got the spirit ♪
[all]
♪ Rhythm of the reef ♪
♪ And you can hear it
in the sweet jingle jangle ♪
♪ Of the coral triangle,
that's the ♪
- [all] ♪ Rhythm of the reef ♪
- Ooh!
- It's a funky reef.
- [all] ♪ Rhythm of the reef ♪
Dig this motif.
Oh, move over, everybody.
This is what I like to call
the shrimp shuffle.
[all]
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
- Oh, dancing is the best.
- Whoo!
- Sing it, girls.
- ♪ We're harmonizing ♪
♪ The reef is rising ♪
♪ We make music
when we get the chance ♪
♪ We all have
our own way to dance ♪
- ♪ To the ♪
- [all] ♪ Rhythm of the reef ♪
- ♪ Best music ever ♪
♪ 'Cause were
making it together ♪
[all]
♪ We all play a part ♪
♪ In the rhythm
of the re-e-ef ♪
- Yeah!
- [laughter and chatter]
Let's keep dancing!
Hmm. Yeah. Home.
Hmm. [chuckles]
[laughs]
[upbeat music]
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Oooh ♪
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh ooh, ooh ooh ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪